die
It's dead, oops, what a big one.
Is anyone there?
Hey
Oh, come back to this car
Come in come in
I ate too long
That that
That's kind of stylish, right?
Mr. Cheng is in the limelight, right?
Excuse me.
You may be disappointed.
I don't need to invest
But as far as I know
It seems like you were looking for a buyer the other day.
Ready to get rid of the software you developed in your mind
Is there such a thing?
These people?
Or you want to buy pirated software.
Or you want to pay for me
The software I made isn't worth 10,000 dollars
So I decided not to sell it.
Certainly not worth 10,000
If you're here to humiliate me
I suggest you leave now
I'm here to invest in you
I really like the software you developed.
I think the future of instant messaging software
It should be the news
game social
Photography comes together
Will become a part of our lives
Inseparable software
I don't think you are q.
It should become such software
Yeah, that's what I think.
What a pity!
It's a pity that you still have a lot of software problems now.
Distance to success
That's a long way off.
Is it that serious?